stimulate a lot of demand. So you see
that there's still a lot of controls in
place in China even in the first tier
cities uh in property and the social
infrastructure and if you loosen them
there will be a proper rebound of
domestic demand. Yeah. uh mentioning
about the school choice uh it just
remind me of another city the capital
city of inner Mongodia which actually
roll out this uh um subsidies for child
care including if a family have three
children then they can pretty much
choose wherever their kids go to school
so it's also a big step for Chinese
government to start subsidize the child
care and maybe elder elderly care as
well yeah well I think that's the right
thing to do I think that China has to
learn from other countries that have
been relatively successful in raising
fertility and obviously uh providing
child care services obviously gives more
uh freedom to the working uh women of
the household and um this is the kind of
social services that will not only
stimulate things like fertility but also
uh uh free up some resources for demand.